BD-2383: Hidden doc for new email engagement dashboard graphs (#6049)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/email_engagement.md

---
nav_title: Email Engagement Dashboard
article_title: Email Engagement Dashboard
permalink: "/email_engagement_dashboard/"
hidden: true
description: "This article provides an overview of graphs in the email engagement dashboard."
---

# Email engagement dashboard

To help track and better understand your email engagement metrics, you can reference the **Engagement by Mailbox Provider** and **Time of Engagement** graphs in the email engagement dashboard. 

{% alert important %}
These graphs for the email engagement dashboard are currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating in the early access.
{% endalert %}

> Engagement data may include machine opens and machine clicks, and these metrics are not separately or excluded from the reports. However, Braze plans to provide such support if and when this feature generally available.

Author: ```suggestion
Engagement data may include machine opens and machine clicks, and these metrics are not separated or excluded from the reports. However, Braze plans to provide such support if and when this feature is generally available.
```

![][1]{: style="max-width:80%;"}

### Engagement by Mailbox Provider

The **Engagement by Mailbox Provider** graph shows the number of clicks and opens by mailbox provider. You can click a mailbox provider and drilldown into specific receiving domains. For example, if you have Microsoft as a mailbox provider, you would be able to further view details for "outlook.com" or "live.com".

### Time of Engagement

With the **Time of Engagement** graph, you can view when users are engaging with their emails. This can help answer questions such as which weekday or what time sees the highest engagement from your customers. Note that these times are based on your workspace's timezone.

> For more information on analytics for your emails, check out [Email reporting]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/reporting_and_analytics/email_reporting/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on analytics for your emails, check out [Email reporting]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/reporting_and_analytics/email_reporting/).
```
Added period
